I have a master of science degree in information science and I focused more on the data science and business intelligence when I was pursuing this degree. Before graduation, I was hired by Microsoft as a part-time intern for a capstone project to help Microsoft improve the customer retention of their Azure automated machine learning. In that role, I was responsible to query and analyze large amounts of structured telemetry data and unstructured data from interview transcripts. 

I was not specialized in technical data analytics at the beginning. I was majored in applied mathematics when I was pursuing my bachelor's degree, and eventually migrated to data analysis through these years. In my prior full-time experience working at an equity exchange company, I realized that data can tell us more about our clients and even predict their future progress if more data could be collected and analyzed using more technical approaches. I wanted to help the business better utilize data to maximize the value. That's the motivation that drove me to get where I'm now. So now I'm skilled in SQL especially Data Manipulation Language and Python. And I'm currently learning more about PySpark because the capstone project used PySpark on Databricks for data analysis. I liked it as a useful tool so I want to dive deeper to know more about this language.

And I think it explains the reason I applied for this opportunity.

I was hesitating, to get a more technical degree in computer science/data science or to get a job upon graduation.
After the capstone project, I realized that I can never what I need for industrial work in school courses. 